Eight billion.
That's not possible.
That's impossible.
This is unbearable.
The show is yet to come
Eight billion.
Lao Tzu's 800 million is so fucking wasted
Reporter Lao Tzu fucking crippled you old bastard
Forgive me and say I was wrong. Go away
Ah lost, lost
What's wrong, little fish?
Good for you.
How much is that stone?
No. 28 rough stone
The starting price is 50 million
sheriff
This stone is the best of all rough stones
There are at least tens of billions of pre-approvals in it.
Hercules Group bids 50 million
Try riding a non-competitor
The dog is going out, how do you care how to ride it?
I'm kind enough to remind you
If you grab this stone
Your previous 800 million will all come back.
Do you think this young master is stupid?
The same pit master will not fall twice